Are you making full use of JW Library?
Let's learn how summer using it and then practice together.
I create notes in my Bible for many different reasons.
It could be a good point from a talk.
An illustration to help me explain something to a Bible student
or something from my own meditation.
I highlight the key phrase and create a note.
Let's practice together.
If you have JW Library, find 1 Timothy 2 verse 6 in the Bible.
Now highlight the word ransom and tap the add a note button.
Then type your comment.
Tapping the note marker in the margin brings your comment into view.
I've created a lot of notes.
I use tags to help me find them again.
For example, whenever I hear a point that I want to use in the ministry,
I create a note and add a tag like prayer, ransom or last days.
Then when I'm in the ministry, I can quickly find my note.
Let's practice together.
On the note you just created, tap the three dots and then edit.
Now tap the button, add a tag and enter a tag name.
In this case, type ransom.
You can add as many tags as you like.
To find your notes again, go to the personal study tab.
You can type in the search box or you can just tap the tag.
As I read the Bible chapters for the midweek meeting,
I often come across verses that I want to understand better.
So I check the research guide.
Sometimes I use the points I find in a comment at the meeting.
Let's practice together.
Are you still at first Timothy chapter 2?
Tap on the number for verse 6.
Then tap the research guide button on the menu.
Now you can read information that explains this verse.
You can even copy a portion of the research and paste it into your note.